Potential Journals: Information in the Ecosystem

First Monday (First Monday) (USA) (Q2) [up to 12,000 words]
First Monday is one of the first openly accessible, peer–reviewed journals on the Internet, solely devoted to the Internet. Since its start in May 1996, First Monday has published 1,035 papers in 164 issues; these papers were written by 1,316 different authors. In addition, eight special issues have appeared. The most recent special issue was entitled A Web site with a view — The Third World on First Monday and it was edited by Eduardo Villanueva Mansilla. First Monday is indexed in Communication Abstracts, Computer & Communications Security Abstracts, DoIS, eGranary Digital Library, INSPEC, Information Science & Technology Abstracts, LISA, PAIS, and other services.

Information and Organization (Elsevier) (UK) (Q1)
Advances in information and communication technologies are associated with a wide and increasing range of social consequences, which are experienced by individuals, work groups, organizations, interorganizational networks, and societies at large. Information technologies are implicated in all industries and in public as well as private enterprises. Understanding the relationships between information technologies and social organization is an increasingly important and urgent social and scholarly concern in many disciplinary fields.Information and Organization seeks to publish original scholarly articles on the relationships between information technologies and social organization. It seeks a scholarly understanding that is based on empirical research and relevant theory.

Information Systems Research (Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences) (USA) (Q1)
ISR (Information Systems Research) is a journal of INFORMS, the Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences. Information Systems Research is a leading international journal of theory, research, and intellectual development, focused on information systems in organizations, institutions, the economy, and society.

Library and Information Science Research (Elsevier) (Netherlands) (Q1)
Library & Information Science Research, a cross-disciplinary and refereed journal, focuses on the research process in library and information science as well as research findings and, where applicable, their practical applications and significance.
  
